a lottery is basically a tax on people
who are really bad at math and they
cannot calculate the odds and the real
numbers
[Music]
welcome to the Academy of photography
Christian judo here people say a picture
is worth a thousand words now I'm going
to share with you a picture which is
worth at least fifty thousand or even
100 thousand this is an infographic I
have found on Facebook someone shared it
I saw it I looked at it and I was really
impressed with the simplicity and how
direct and how easy it represents the
triangle of exposure the relationship
between the shutter speed aperture and
ISO my suggestion is just have a look if
you are really struggling with the
camera setting still just printed just
look at it and play with your camera
settings each individual part in manual
mode until you actually start to
understand what's going on
that is the best representation of a
camera settings entire course in one
picture I sincerely believe that and I
wish I had these kind of pictures and
this kind of help when I actually
started to learn photography myself in
the past okay that's the picture it's
found on a life hacked org I do not
believe they are the authors they are
just blockers but that's not the point
I'm going to talk about the picture it
has 104 thousand shares and I felt the
need to share it immediately and the
moment I shared other people have have
shared it as well so on the top on the
top row you will see the relationship
between the aperture F 1.4 you will see
a lot of blur in the background in this
small diagram and going to the right the
aperture is decreasing in size it
increases in the number and the
background is popping up more and more
clear so this is basically the
relationship between aperture and depth
of field going on these on the amid
section you will see this little man
running in the diagram one thousandth of
a second it shows a clear man a fee of
five hundreds of a second 250 125 you're
starting to see a little bit of blur so
by the time you get to 1.2 it's really
blurry so I mentioned many times before
125 is safe for wedding photography
because there's no lot of action but if
you want to capture really fast action
you need to go five hundredth of a
second of one thousands of a second
I don't believe people can actually hold
the camera manually on a 60s of a second
so I do not recommend that shutter speed
and if you go down you'll see di so
fifty two to twenty five thousand six
hundred I believe whatever it's above
eight hundred probably sixteen hundred
for a good camera it's still okay
whatever it's above a three thousand
it's an unusable any longer so my
suggestion take this picture printed
yourself have it laminated have it in
your pocket and try to play with your
camera settings until you understand I
believe this is by far the best
representation of the exposure triangle
and this is basically an entire course
we can talk for hours and hours about
each individual settings and each
individual value but this is the best
representation of the camera settings
and the relationship in between them
ever in my opinion so it's one course
condensated into one picture and before
I go I would like to offer the credit to
the author however the Internet is a
very big and misleading place and I have
some difficulties I actually identifying
the author so this article came from the
live org life hack dot org it's an
article this is a blog about everything
anything that's not my point I'm trying
to go to actually who's the author
because I would love to offer the credit
it jumps to photography basics number
two aperture shutter speed that's a
different kind of blog about photography
which is not that bad but I could not
find the picture I'm gonna let you do
the exercise if you're interested but
what I would like to ask you if you know
who is the author just send me an email
I would love to be able to assign the
appropriate credit I'm not going to go
any further because this this blog
doesn't show the real picture and if I
go back I'm gonna see a feature photo
credit photographer at alike are Oscar
only via Flickr I already checked I
couldn't find it there but anyway that's
not the point so if you know the author
please send me a message I'll be happy
to place a link in the description there
is not much further to say my suggestion
is just printed have it in your pocket
think about it
look at it every day when you have your
camera and try to play with the settings
individually because this is how I
learned and this is what I'm trying to
teach other people to learn play with
each camera setting individually until
you understand what everything is doing
simplicity is everything less is
actually more thank you for watching
until I see you next time I wish you
happy shooting
[Music]